Ah baby
Mom?
What happened to Chenchen?
Where are you going?
My child
Shirley ruined my family too
Today I want you to sing for the devil
painful
Poor girl!
Who threw you away?
Son and wife in a car accident
I beat you up and left me a son and a half girls
Go live well for grandma
Grandma feeds you
Xiaoyue, don't wash it
I have to go to school after breakfast
Don't be late.
Grandma said I don't like eggs
I'll just eat noodles
Oh, dear.
The child's family is growing up
This egg must be eaten
Supplemental nutrition
OK
I'm going to school.
The rice is still in the bowl
If you don't eat it, it will be poured out.
Satsuki
Grandma's time
Too long
Satsuki
This is grandma all these years
Pick up the tattered coffin
Grandma is incompetent
After I leave, I can only
Leave you awake
daughter
Mom's good daughter
Today is your birthday
If you were still with your mother
Today.
Must be 18 years old
Madam is not well
The young master had an accident at school
What!
How dare someone bully the useless car with my education?